# Turk
A Starcraft Broodwar bot development project.

# Directory Structure
* src
* tools
* standalone
* doc
* standalone
* analysis
* logs
* VistualStudio

# Components

## ARTIE
[ARTIE](http://terminator.wikia.com/wiki/ARTIE) is an implementation of
terrain analysis.

# Standalone Utilities

## terrain
The `terrain` program analyzes binary maps (ppm image format) dumped
from game maps.  The binary maps are pixels of 0 or 1 depending on
whether the  pixel/tile is walkable.  

## techtree
The `techtree` program analyzes the game technology tree.  It outputs
tables in csv format regarding units, upgrades, and technologies.  It
also outputs a graph of dependencies for all units, upgrades, and
technologies.  

# Dependencies
Both Windows and Linux compilation requires the following packages to be
installed somewhere:
 * boost
 * lapack
 * blas
 * bwapi (4.2.0)

Building this package on Windows requires the following environment
variables to be defined:
 * BOOST_DIR
 * BWAPI_DIR
 * TURKDIR

The lapack and blas libraries can be copied directly into the
`Turk/VisualStudio` folder.  Then a copy of the `*.dll` files needs to
be copied into the `StarCraft/bwapi-data/AI` folder.  It's a good idea
to make symbolic link or a script to copy the libraries into place so
repeated builds don't have the extra burden of copying the library as
well.

# Compiling on Linux
The Makefiles included in the package are used to compile the standalone
tools on Linux.  You may need to edit Makefile.include such that
BWAPI_DIR points to the directory into which BWAPI has been cloned.  You
will also need the `svnrev.h` header in  $(BWAPI_DIR)/bwapi/bwapi.  This
can be generated by a vbs script in the same directory or on windows and
copied into that location.


